c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\bin\Debug\PIG_FARM.exe.config
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\bin\Debug\PIG_FARM.exe
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\bin\Debug\PIG_FARM.pdb
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\bin\Debug\en\PIG_FARM.resources.dll
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Dashboard.resources
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Dashboard.en.resources
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\en\PIG_FARM.resources.dll
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.exe
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.pdb
c:\users\divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.program_parameters_form.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.home_form.resources
C:\Users\Divan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Login.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Change_Password.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Registration_Form.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Setup_AniClass_Breeds.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Housing_Form.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Herd_Setup_Form.resources
C:\Users\Divan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PIG_FARM\PIG_FARM\obj\Debug\PIG_FARM.Medical_Setup_Form.resources
